Integrate passkeys-rails gem with fully functional WebAuthn passkey registration (#43)
bradenr402/job-journal: README.md

bin/rails test
```

### Passkey Configuration

JobJournal supports WebAuthn passkeys for secure, passwordless authentication.

**Browser Support:**
- Chrome/Edge 109+
- Safari 16+
- Firefox 122+

**Environment Variables:**

For production deployment, set the following environment variable:

```bash
WEBAUTHN_ORIGIN=https://your-domain.com
```

> For local development, the default is `http://localhost:3000`.

Reviewer: I prefer using Rails credentials via `rails credentials:edit` rather than environment variables. Please update this accordingly, along with any other code that uses environment variables. I can set this myself, so just tag me when you're ready, let me know what you need me to do, and I'll take care of it.

- All your data is scoped to your user account.
- No third-party sharing, no analytics, no tracking, and no recruiter dashboards&mdash;your data stays private.
- Secure authentication via email & password or **passkeys** (WebAuthn).

> - Passkey support for passwordless sign-in using biometrics (Touch ID, Face ID, Windows Hello) or security keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Secure authentication via email & password or **passkeys**.
- Passkey support for passwordless sign-in using device biometrics or security 
```
